Add labels and hint blocks to fields (#110)
CrowdStrike/ember-toucan-core: docs/components/checkbox-group-field/index.md

## Label

Required.

> Use either `@label` or `:label`.

Reviewer: nit: To maybe be "modern Ember" friendly or more friendly to folks new to Ember, I wonder if being a bit more verbose here would be helpful:

```suggestion
Use either the `@label` component argument or the `:label` named block.
```

> Provide a string to `@label` or components to `:label` to render the text into the `<legend>` of the fieldset.

Reviewer: nit: the `:label` named block can really take _any_ content!

```suggestion
Provide a string to the `@label` component argument or content to the `:label` named block to render the into the `<legend>` of the fieldset.
```

### @label

```hbs template
<Form::Fields::CheckboxGroup
  @label='Label here'
  @name='options'
  @value={{this.groupValue}}
  @onChange={{this.updateValue}}
/>
```

### :label

```hbs template
<Form::Fields::CheckboxGroup
  @name='options'
  @value={{this.groupValue}}
  @onChange={{this.updateValue}}
>
  {{!-- default block is required here when using :label --}}
  <:default as |group|>
    {{!-- render checkboxes here --}}
  </:default>
  <:label>Here is a label <IconButton><Tooltip /><IconButton></:label>
</Form::Fields::CheckboxGroup>
```

## Hint

Optional.

Use either `@hint` or `:hint`.

> Provide a string to `@hint` or components to `:hint` to render the text into the Hint section of the fieldset.

Reviewer: Similar comments in this section as the above nit, but these are also just me being nit-picky!
